PURPOSE:
MannaCanon is intended to become a full-fledged Bible study application.
Currently it only supports basic browsing of the King James Bible text but the
ground work is laid to support a much more functional Bible study app. The
point is to provide a tool that encourages good Bible study methodology by
focusing on rightly dividing the Bible. Ultimately the goal is to glorify my
Lord and Saviour: Jesus Christ!

DESIGN NOTES:
The design is initially supporting the Android mobile computing platforms.  It
is my intent to develop the MannaCanon software using a TDD methodology.  TDD
is short for Test Driven Development (see wikipedia).  There are currently 12
unit tests assoicated with the project.  The 'test' target is the default build
target of the included Makefile.

BUILD NOTES:
MannaCanon builds on a linux box. I have made no attempt to support other
development platforms at this time. The Makefile is intended to be the main
build interface.  Simply running 'make' from the command line should build the
system.  The Makefile currently attempts to resolve some but not all
dependencies. You will need a preinstalled Android development framework at a
minimum. Theoretically, the Makefile could expand to become a complete
bootstrap for the entire dev environment.

PHILOSOPHY:
The Bible teaches us to take every thought captive for Christ. In many ways
software is the epitome of captured thought. It is the thinking of a man
captured in a volition-less computer. I have often marvelled at how such a
machine with no will or emotion of its own can invoke such willful responses
(both positive and negative) from the users it was intended to serve. Obviously
the thought process of the developers are at work in the creation of the
software and those thoughts, either good or bad, are bound to affect the users
in some way.  Afterall, we are all made in God's image and that in itself is a
very powerful thing. It stands to reason that our God given intellect will
have affect on others.  As we attempt to solve problems either biblically or,
more often, from a human view point perspective we affect those around us and
cause either edification or dammage. I believe that by investing prayerfully
and thoughtfully in the code that makes up MannaCanon it will become a powerful
tool for understanding my Creator better and will lead to rightly dividing the
Word of God and edifying myself and my fellow saints. I think that it will be
the most important software I will ever write and I am hopeful that it will
inspire others to both study the Bible and apply biblical thinking to their own
projects be they software or otherwise.

